\chapter*{Preface}
    Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Etiam
    lobortis facilisis sem. Nullam nec mi et neque pharetra
    sollicitudin. Praesent imperdiet mi nec ante. Donec ullamcorper,
    felis non sodales commodo, lectus velit ultrices augue, a
    dignissim nibh lectus placerat pede. Vivamus nunc nunc, molestie
    ut, ultricies vel, semper in, velit. Ut porttitor. Praesent in
    sapien. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit.
    Duis fringilla tristique neque. Sed interdum libero ut metus.
    Pellentesque placerat. Nam rutrum augue a leo. Morbi sed elit sit
    amet ante lobortis sollicitudin. Praesent blandit blandit mauris.
    Praesent lectus tellus, aliquet aliquam, luctus a, egestas a,
    turpis. Mauris lacinia lorem sit amet ipsum. Nunc quis urna dictum
    turpis accumsan semper.
    
     And the Lord God said unto the serpent, Because thou hast done this,
    thou art cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the
    field; upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all the
    days of thy life:
    And God said unto Moses, `I am that I am': and he said, Thus shalt
    thou say unto the children of Israel, `I am' hath sent me unto you.
    And he shall offer thereof his offering, even an offering made by
    fire unto the Lord; the fat that covereth the inwards, and all the
    fat that is upon the inwards,\ldots
    And the Lord spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Sinai,
    saying,\ldots
    Jair the son of Manasseh took all the country of Argob unto the
    coasts of Geshuri and Maachathi; and called them after his own name,
    Bashanhavothjair, unto this day.%


Hello, here is some text without a meaning. 
    This text should show what a printed text will look like at this
    place. If you read this text, you will get no
    information. Really? Is there no information?
    Is there a difference between this text and some nonsense like
    ``Huardest gefburn''? Kjift -- not at all! A blind text
    like this gives you information  about the selected
    font, how the letters are written and an impression  of the
    look. This text should contain {all
    letters of the alphabet} and it should be written in of the original
    language. There is no need for  special
    content, but the length of words should match the
    language.
On the other hand, the concept of noninvasive blood glucose
sensing using the scattering properties of blood and tissues as an
alternative to spectral absorption and polarization methods for
monitoring of physiological glucose concentrations in diabetic
patients has been under intensive discussion for the last decade.
Many of the considered  effects, such as changing of the size,
refractive index, packing, and aggregation of RBC under glucose
variation, are important for glucose monitoring in diabetic
patients. Indeed, at physiological concentrations of glucose,
ranging from 40 to 400 mg/dl, the role of some of the effects may
be modified, and some other effects, such as glucose penetration
inside the RBC and the followed hemoglobin glycation, may be
important [30-32].

Noninvasive determination of glucose was attempted using light
scattering of skin tissue components measured by a
spatially-resolved diffuse reflectance or NIR fre\-quen\-cy-domain
reflectance techniques. Both approaches are based on change in
glucose concentration, which affects the refractive index mismatch
between the interstitial fluid and tissue fibers, and hence
reduces scattering coefficient. A glucose clamp experiment showed
that reduced scattering coefficient measured in the visible range
qualitatively tracked changes in blood glucose concentration for
the volunteer with diabetes studied.



